Added Note to Contributors (#179)
jondavid-black/AaC: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

# Note to Contributors

Due to certain uncontrollable circumstances surrounding the environment in which
Architecture as code is being developed and funded, we cannot accept any new outside

> contributors at this time. We will reject any pull requests from untrusted sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contributions at this time. We will reject any pull requests from unknown sources.
```
